20200325 release (#598)
publiccodenet/about: activities/events/process-contacts.md

---
type: Guide
explains: How to process contacts after an event
---

# Process contacts after an event

## Add contacts to Odoo

If you agreed to keep in touch with someone at the event, add them as a contact in Odoo to enable that connection. Do not enter more details than what was shared with you for that purpose.

## Follow up

> The way to follow up obviously depends on what interaction you had with the person at the event. If you had a good conversation with someone or heard them giving a good talk, consider sending them a brief thank you. Everyone that gives us inspiration in some way furthers our mission and deserves to be recognized. Other follow ups could include more information about the Foundation or the Standard or whatever you talked about.

Author: ```suggestion
The way to follow up depends on what kind of interaction you had with the person at the event. If you had a good conversation with someone or heard them giving a good talk, consider sending them a brief thank you. Everyone that gives us inspiration in some way furthers our mission and deserves to be recognized. Other follow-ups could include sharing more information on the Foundation for Public Code, the Standard for Public Code, or any other topic relevant to the conversation you had.
```
